viveros guzmán is a family business currently run by its third
generation
year after year this company has been growing thanks to the experience
accumulated for more than 50 years alestis improvable climate
to the efforts of more than 200 professionals and the trust placed by our
friends customers and suppliers at present we have numerous
production centers
the sure money plant cortijo blanco cintalapa on the slopes gardens of the
family
end caffarel el ejido almería
and a plant distribution and marketing center
each of these anita production centers adapting integrating
progressively new technologies
like artificial light
petronor chingadera
water recycling systems
hot water heating
mobile crop tables
robotic systems in production continue
technologies that have allowed the modernization of the processes of
production of species such as the rosebush
in this way we have obtained an optimization of resources
respecting the environment and improving the quality of the workforce
achieving can produce more than five hundred species and market more
of a thousand
in addition numerous farmers produce plants exclusively for us
thus achieving greater control and quality over each plant
Global fans complete the group of companies that form guzmán nurseries
dedicating itself to the import and export of all kinds of species of
palm trees and trees located
with our motto the chiqui flores
Our products have achieved a special distinction and character
personal act
currently thanks to our production and imports that
make our sense one of the most important in the market
Many companies have placed their trust in us
they come from countries like France and Italy
bad mania morocco
ap in nurseries guzmán bet for quality service innovation parity and
love to our work
thus becoming a benchmark company in this set